Hello, I am Henri Beltran, a devoted
pastor of the Seventh -day Adventist
Church, and today I extend my warmest
greetings to you with the profound and
comforting words recorded in the Sacred
Book of Isaiah, specifically chapter 41,
verse 10.
So do not ever fear, for I am truly your God.
Do not be dismayed or disheartened, for I
am always with you.
I will certainly strengthen you and
graciously help you.
I will steadfastly uphold you with my
righteous and powerful right hand.
Therefore, today is a day of victory.
Take heart, have confidence in Christ
Jesus, and He is with you.
Today you may face adversities, but don't
forget, the Lord will help you.
A hug, God bless you, and have a
wonderful day.
Cheer up, the Lord is with you.